Prince, aren't you satisfied? Enough.
Nowadays, all the people in the Huang Palace are my spies.
Do you think you died with your wife?
Do you want to come in and talk about my feet?
I came here to ask how you were doing today,
As found you.
Useless things, I forgot about them.
You're always blindly changing your side,
I don't care if I can't win Yingcheng.
It’s such a small birthday for you, I’ll let you take a sip!
It won't be long before there is no evidence,
You want a place where you can never leave,
It has to be mine.
Wait for you,
I was just too angry just now,
Don't work too hard.
You need to wear a belt to touch flowers
After getting a lot of yellow bits
Red rain is red and expensive
And I know how to deal with Luo Feng
Or should I be carried on your back? You should leave first, Mr. Xiaotu
Maybe a mouse
Don't look at it
There are no mice after all